so too is really something that
people
connect to deeply and it's
connecting
millions hundreds of millions of
people around the world you have
to ask them
alright when did you realize it
would take off
so I wanted to know what was
that moment check it out up
so we built we we rush to act
together
the first around iteration love
what would become Twitter
and with a toy it was fun it was
just for fun
it was just like it made us
laugh when the very first things
that well we're prototyping and
this is another key lesson
learned why our prototyping
I my wife and I I had
at made just enough money at of
Google
to get me myself added that and
get a
can get fifty thousand dollars
but down on a4a square for
house in berkeley I got this
house and I had washing up Bobby
love this old house for now the
kid to realize that when you rip
up to
carpeting house to reveal the
beautiful hardwood for me. sup
during this hot really hot he
waved a on
well where's the prototyping
Twitter on the weekend I decided
I would like to start the middle
on the senate cut the rug
right open in the Republic show
that I report no harbor force
I was ruining my house and I was
sweating and I was cursing and
my phone was in my pocket and it
was a tweet and it said
sipping Pinot Noir after massage
in Napa Valley
and I laughed out loud and when
I laughed a lot I realize women
I'm laughing at something I'm
working on
I must be working on the right
thing it's making me laugh
so we're having fun and it
wasn't until hardy people have
Twitter accounts at this point
nobody like the just before the
compass reflect well
okay so that you're describing
right
the emergence over species